When the Vestals invaded New Vestroia and captured
all the Bakugan, they didn't count on Drago and
I returning to free our friends.
Time to get... serious!
So we joined the Bakugan Battle Brawlers
Resistance!
Together we have a chance to defeat the Vexos, take
back New Vestroia and save the Bakugan once and for all!
[battle squawk]
Let's go, Drago!
Bakugan... Brawl!
[\u266a]
[agonizing pain]
[enduring pain]
[closed mouth, evil chuckle]
Yes... yes... excellent...
With this data I will finally be able to create
the most powerful, mechanical Bakugan in the
entire realm!
Nonsense!
Yes.
A mechanical Bakugan is strong.
But only a Cyborg Bakugan can be the ultimate in power!
Helios , what are you saying?
You wish to endure the transformation?
I understand that I can never revert back once it has begun.
But it's worth the sacrifice to become more
powerful than all other Bakugan!
[closed-mouth evil chuckle]
[painful groan]
Helios...
My Bakugan...
I am happy to grant your wish...
[\u266a]
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Brotherly Love\".
You're lying!
There's no way Mira betrayed us!!
I won't believe it!
Stop it, Ace!
I didn't want to believe it either, Ace...
But...
It's the truth.
It can't be!
Mira and I...
were fighting to free the Bakugan long before you
came here...
She'd never betray us...
She devoted her life to the cause.
It doesn't make sense to me...
But I...
know what I saw and heard.
If you don't stop, I'll...
Calm down, Ace!
He's telling you the truth.
Stop it Ace....Mira...
left willingly...
with Spectra.
Enough...
Arguing won't bring her back.
[shoving effort]
It's weird...
I never would have guessed that Spectra was Mira's brother.
Me neither.
Try to forget it...
We've got to get moving... to Gamma City.
Shun is right.
The mission remains the same no matter what happens.
Right.
Ace, we're counting on you.
I know...
Mira...
Mira. Are you all right?
[gasp] ... I'm okay.
They'll never forgive me for what I've done.
How could they?
I wouldn't understand if I were them.
We'll work it out.
Hi Gus.
Get changed...
Master Spectra wants to see you.
Leave us.
Please, take a seat.
What do you want with me?
Is it so strange to share...
a meal with my dear sister?
Mira...
Give me a chance.
I have missed you during this time.
Do you remember...
when we were children and we'd battle each other...
how frustrated you would get when you lost?
You didn't bring me here to go through old memories.
You're right...
There are more important things to talk about...
I know you want to ask me something.
...Tell me why you're doing this...
You've disguised yourself, then asked the Resistance
to join you...
It doesn't make any sense.
The ultimate Bakugan.
Through my battles I have learned that there is one
Bakugan that has the capability to take over this world...
It is able to control the powers of all six Attributes...
And that one, ultimate Bakugan is...
the perfect Dragonoid.
[mighty battle roar]
I realized that if I could harness this Bakugan, the
future of New Vestroia would be in the palm of my hand.
Is it Drago?
It is...
But I knew a Brawler like Dan Kuso would not leave
the dragonoid in my hands for long so I formed an
alternate plan.
Create my own...
I took the data I needed and now my goal is within reach.
[mechanical battle roar]
These many years working in the lab and battling in
the arena have finally paid off.
Soon I will challenge the Royal Family itself and
take my place as the ultimate ruler of our world.
How can...
you do this?
[assorted battle roars]
[running panting]
Bakugan are living beings...
They're just like you and me...
You think...
that you can just create one...
then use it to take over the world?
What do you need all that power for anyway?
Tell me that!
[amused snort]
...What a silly question...
I want power for power's sake.
What's wrong with that?
Imagine...
Once the royal family is removed, nothing will
stand in my way...
And with you by my side...
we shall rule the world.
[horrified gasp]
I'm sorry...
I can't do that...
I thought that maybe I could reach you...
that you were still my brother...
but you're a monster...
I don't recognize you anymore.
But that doesn't even seem to bother you...
How can you just sit there so calmly?
I'm all alone... Mira.
Please, I need you.
My poor brother...
You really thought that I would agree?
I see you need more time...
But I won't wait forever.
Was that wise, Master Spectra?
She's only been with the Vexos a short time but you
told her so much.
Interesting...
So you were listening at the door, Gus?
I was...
But I only did it because I'm becoming worried about you.
Don't bother...
I can handle my own sister Gus...
She will come around eventually.
And if she doesn't?
Enough...
You underestimate the job ahead of us.
We need Mira and the powers of the Bakugan on our side...
And that's why, Gus, removing my mask is such a
small price to pay.
But...
All I ask is that you trust me...
Do you think you can do that?
I need to know.
Yes, Master Spectra.
[\u266a]
We shall rule the world.
[confused sigh]
What am I going to do?
Wilda...
Please tell me.
I am your partner.
I trust you.
Where you go, I will follow.
Thank you.
Spectra.
Mira.
I have an offer...
Will you battle with me?
And what will happen if I do?
I am a Bakugan Brawler...
I will let the battle decide my future.
Fair enough.
Tomorrow morning on the battlefield then.
Lucky girl.
You'll be the first to fall before my greatest creation.
Isn't that right, Helios?
[confident chuckle]
[battle roar]
[small, closed mouth chuckle]
Beware Mira!
You're in over your head!
I'm back in the game!
Bakugan Brawl!
I'm glad you suggested this.
I've been looking forward to a rematch.
Good, but first ... you'll have to accept the stakes...
I warn you, they're high.
If I win, Keith...
you'll be my brother again.
That's fine...
But what if I win?
What will you do for me then, Mira?
It's only fair that...
if I lose...
then I will be at your command.
...It's a deal.
Go Gauntlet...
Power Strike!
Gate Card... Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Wilda Stand!
[ready for battle roar]
Come on Wilda! I need all your strength!
You got it, Mira!
You'll need it...
Against my Ultimate Bakugan...
Pyrus Cyborg Helios!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
[excited, feeling powerful growl]
Calculating Power Levels
How could...
you do that to Helios? !
[\u266a]
So much power...
[triumphant growl]
You're a monster.
A monster?
Hah!
Foolish girl, I am your worst nightmare!
With the power of this new body I am now the ultimate Bakugan.
Even Drago can't defeat me!
Mira! Let's go!
Okay...
We'll make this quick...
Gate Card... Open!
Subterra Reactor!
That evens the playing field.
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate...
Gun Lock!
[gathering power growl]
[battle roar]
[confident laughter] Gotcha!
And now, Double Ability Activate!
Ability Card Set.
Iron Plate plus Vulcano Hammer!
[ad lib sumo grunts]
[gathering power roar]
[attack roar]
[struggle/effort]
Increase 200
You got him!
'Fraid not.
[effort]
[dismissive grunt] ... Nice try.
Oh no!
Hands off, weakling!
Enough of these childish games...
Ability Card Set.
Ability... Activate. Farbas!
Huh? ! [surprised gasp]
Diagnostic complete.
Gun Lock damage two percent.
Repairing.
Iron Plate damage seven percent.
Vulcan Hammer damage five percent.
Repairing.
System rebooting to 100 percent.
[confident chuckle]
There's not a scratch!
It's Farbus...
A special ability we've given Cyborg Pyrus
Helios...
It allows him to repair all damage done during a battle.
Which means all your attacks will be useless.
So you might as well give up now, Mira.
All defense systems online.
Opponent Scan complete...
Raising Power Level plus 350.
No way...
You're telling me it's learning as we battle?
Not only that...
Farbus also makes sure that no matter how high an opponent's
Power Level rises, Helios' level will rise to meet it.
Then we're right back where we started!
[confident grunt]
And that...
is the power of Cyborg Helios!
[confident growl]
[battle roar]
Mira!
... Yes! Come Bakugan Trap...
Subterra Baliton!
[\u266a]
[ready for battle growl]
We have to hit him hard before his systems can recover.
Ability Activate!
Ability Card Set.
Apollo Head!
[mocking grunt] Too slow!
We're not done yet!
You'll see.. Double Ability Activate!
Ability Card Set!
Flai Roller plus Vulcano Hammer!
[effort]
Calculating Power Levels
[battle roar]
So confident...
So foolish...
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate!
Defuse Quasar!
There you are!
Attack Systems Operational.
[threatening roar]
[attack roar]
[pain]
Wilda! Baliton!
You can't help them now.
[defeated growl]
[\u266a]
Hmmm.
He's so powerful...
even Baliton and Wilda together can't defeat him.
Mira...
What will you do now?
[closed-mouth frustration]
Mira!
We can't stop now.
We'll fight to the end.
What do you say?
I say...
You...
haven't won yet!
Bring it on, Keith!
I admire your fighting spirit, my sister.
Gate Card Open!
Cyborg Helios...
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
[threatening growl]
[angry battle roar]
Bakugan Brawl!
Wilda Stand!
[ready for battle roar]
It all rides on this...
Here we go, Wilda!
I'm ready, Mira!
Okay then...
Come Bakugan Trap...
Baliton!
[ready for battle growl]
It's useless no matter what you do.
Is the test run...
complete Helios?
Yes, all systems are online and fully loaded.
Let's show them what I can do.
This was a test run?
Of course it was...
First I needed to test my ultimate Bakugan against a
strong opponent like you Mira.
That wasn't full power?
Not even close.
You're only worth 20 percent.
What? ! ! !
Engage... Helios!
Let's show them maximum power! !
[gathering power growl]
[attack roar]
Wilda! Baliton! We need extra defense!
Double Ability Activate!
Ground Borting plus Heavy Assail!
[ad lib sumo grunts and growls]
[attack roar]
Spectra, it's time for the final blow.
Yes Helios.
Show them why we shall reign supreme...
Why you're the greatest Bakugan of all!
Get ready, Mira!
I have to cancel out Helios' abilities before he attacks!
Ability activate.
Ability Card Set.
Explosion Lamda!
What's that do?
Nothing much really...
Just shuts down any abilities opponents activate.
[\u266a]
Look at that!
That's unbelievable!
Hmmph! Missed...
The computer must still be adapting to my body's senses.
Targeting system realigned.
[over the top attack roar]
Wilda! Baliton!
[painful effort]
[\u266a]
That's it... I lost...
Your Cyborg Helios is too strong...
I know.
From now on you are an enemy of the Bakugan
Brawlers Resistance.
Welcome to the Vexos, Mira Fermin.
[confident/triumphant chuckle]
[\u266a]
I'm sorry...
my friends.
Hey Brawlers!
Next time we get to Gamma City and find the last
Dimension Controller is deep underground.
If we destroy it, the Bakugan will finally be free!
But first we have get past the Vexos!
No prob!
Baron... he's all yours.
See? Easy!
Shun! You take care of Shadow Prove!
So what if we're outnumbered?
We're the only ones who can save the Bakugan!
And nothing's gonna stop us now!
Bakugan Brawl!
Never give up!
[\u266a]